[Go] Concepts needed to solve the v2 two fer exercise (#233)
exercism/v3: languages/go/reference/exercise-concepts/two-fer.md

# Two fer

## Exercise

Given a name, return a string with the message: "One for X, one for me.", where the X can be provided and defaults to "you" if not given.

## Concepts encountered while solving it

### Code formatting

> It's the first time most students work with go, and many have not yet used `gofmt`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's the first time most students work with Go, and many have not yet used `gofmt`.
```

I believe the language is capitalized when referring to it.

### Linting

> It's the first time most students work with go, and many have not yet used `golint`. Linting already provides some hints

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's the first time most students work with Go, and many have not yet used `golint`. Linting already provides some hints
```

> on what (not) to do, eg use of variable names, not using else if the the regular condition ends with return, and missing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on what (not) to do, e.g. use of variable names, not using else if the the regular condition ends with return, and missing
```

> on what (not) to do, eg use of variable names, not using else if the the regular condition ends with return, and missing

Reviewer 2: This isn't quite clear to me (what does 'use of variable names' mean? You should use them? You _shouldn't_ use them?)

documentation on exported function (or in the wrong format). 

### Comments

> It's the first time most students work with go, and many have not yet been using proper documentation of the package and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's the first time most students work with Go, and many have not yet been using proper documentation of the package and
```

> the exported function. Most of the time they leave the stub comments in the file.

Reviewer 3: wondering if that is to be learned before anything else. Probably with other concepts like `strings` and `numbers` together.

### Functions

> Everything is done via functions. In this case, it's also:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Everything is done via functions. In this case:
```

> - there is no concept of default values for paramaters, it's done in the body of the function

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- there is no concept of default values for parameters; it's done in the body of the function
```

> - parameters are passed by-value, so in the scope of the function they can be altered

Reviewer 3: Very valuable!

Reviewer: Another reference for "by-value" that probably shouldn't have a hyphen.

> - parameters are passed by-value, so in the scope of the function they can be altered

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- parameters are passed by value, so in the scope of the function they can be altered
```

### Strings

The parameter passed is a string. For the default value, a check needs to be made if the string is empty.

> - how to do a idiomatic check on empty string

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- how to do an idiomatic check for empty string
```

> - how to concatenate strings, either via simple `+` or via the fmt package

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- how to concatenate strings, either using a simple `+`, or the `fmt` package
```

### Variables / Assignment / Scope

> The parameters are passed by-value, so in the scope of the function they can be altered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The parameters are passed by value, so in the scope of the function they can be altered.
```

- scoping

### Comparison / Conditionals

> The parameters needs to be checked if it's empty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The parameters need to be checked if it's empty.
```

Reviewer 3: Second suggestion is not really valid / misleading for Go as there are no optional parameters.

Actually in the case of `twofer` I think it should be:
```suggestion
The parameter needs to be checked if it's empty.
```

> The parameters needs to be checked if it's empty.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The code needs to check whether the parameter is empty.
```
